List of all power ups and how they would work. The 'priority' rating is how much focus should be
placed on getting them to work and into the game. Lower priority power ups might be harder to code,
or perhaps a bit too strange.

1: Water Jet
Priority: High

If only one power up could be programmed, this would be the one. It would reduce the spray of 
the user's water jet, while also significantly increasing the velocity of the water released. 
This would also drain the water supply faster. This high velocity jet would be capable of cutting
through the opponents jet, making it very difficult to defend against.

2: Water Spray
Priority: High

This is the effective opposite of the jet. It causes the water jet to fan out, covering a massive
area. While very easy to block (even more so than the regular jet), it's coverage allows it to
trigger multiple spinners at once. This power up would greatly increase water consumption

3: Burst
Priority: Med

This power up simply fires off the players entire supply of water in a single burst upon firing.
This would take the form of a huge bubble of water (perhaps being coded in a way that it only fires
a single object, that bursts into multiple normal water blobs upon hitting a wall with the same 
velocity as the initial bubble). This bubble would be heavy enough to practically ignore the
enemy water.

An interesting idea could be that this power up could, instead of using the water supply of the one
who got it, would create a new amount of water that would not be added to either players supply.
It would also be possible to use your cannon to direct and move this sphere of water, allowing 
players to battle it out to get the water to hit the opponents spinners.

4: Lava
Priority: Med

This power up would temporarily cause all the water fired by the player to be replaced by lava.
This lava would cause any water it touched to change to steam, which would float up untill it 
touched either a wall or a ceiling, at which point it would condense back to water and drop down.

5: Gunk
Priority: Low

This power up would temporarily cause all the water fired by the player to be replaced by sticky
gunk. This sludge sticks to water and forms both up into big clumps. These clumps would be able
to enitrely block drains, preventing opponents from being able to get any water for a while. Once
the power up wears off, it would lose its stickyness causing clumps to collapse and drain away.

6:Beam
Priority: Low

This power up changes the jet of water particles to a solid beam. Other water cannot pass through
it and will simply bounce off. Upon hitting a spinner it would apply a large amount of force (equal
to the water jet power). This power up cannot be switched off, the player will always be firing
while this power up is active but will still drain water, and will do so quite fast. 

7:Vacum
Priority: Low
This power up changes the players water jet to instead suck in any water that comes into it's cone
shaped area of effect. This does not use water, and sucked in water is added to the players water
supply.This power up only lasts for a short time. If it turns out that this power up is too strong,
it could be changed to instead even out the absorbed water between players, but not allow players 
to use collected untill the effect has worn off (likely leading to a frantic battle once both
players suddenly have a very even amount of water).

8: